Fetch packages' licenses at build time (#1901)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: BUILDING.md

(You can use variant and arch arguments together, too.)

> #### Packeges licenses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Package licenses
```

> Most of the packages included in the base OS image are distributed using the licenses included in the upstream sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most packages will include license files extracted from the upstream source archives.
```

> However, there are some cases where multiple licenses could apply to a package, depending on who will ditribute the OS images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, in some rare cases there are multiple licenses that could apply to a package.
```

Bottlerocket's build system uses the `Licenses.toml` file in conjuction with the `licenses` directory to configure the licenses used for such special packages.

> You can use them to specify what licenses better suits your needs when you build and distribute your own Bottlerocket images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> You can use them to specify what licenses better suits your needs when you build and distribute your own Bottlerocket images.

Reviewer 2: Grammar nit

```suggestion
You can use them to specify what licenses better suit your needs when you build and distribute your own Bottlerocket images.
```

Here is an example of a simple `Licenses.toml` configuration file:

```toml
[package]
spdx-id = "SPDX-ID"
licenses = [
  { path = "the-license.txt" }
]
```

In the previous example, it is expected that the file `the-license.txt` is present in `licenses`.
You can retrieve the licenses from a remote endpoint, or the local filesystem if you specify the `license-url` field:

> ```toml
> spdx-id = "SPDX-ID AND SPDX-ID-2" # Package with multiple licenses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```toml
[package]
spdx-id = "SPDX-ID AND SPDX-ID-2" # Package with multiple licenses
```

licenses = [
  # This file is copied from a file system, and will be saved as `path`
  { license-url = "file:///path/to/spdx-id-license.txt", path = "spdx-id-license.txt" },

>   # This file is fetched from a https endpoint, and will be saved as `path`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # This file is fetched from an https endpoint, and will be saved as `path`
```

  { license-url = "https://localhost/spdx-id-license-v2.txt", path = "spdx-id-license-2.txt" }
]
```

> **Note:** the image build process will fail if the license for a package is missing, make sure you provide the configurations for the packages that require them.

Reviewer: This is probably unnecessary; we can talk about specific packages as they come up, and in theory the package logic could be done in a way that made the files optional.
```suggestion
```

> **Note:** the image build process will fail if the license for a package is missing, make sure you provide the configurations for the packages that require them.

Reviewer 2: nit

```suggestion
**Note:** the image build process will fail if the license for a package is missing.
Make sure you provide configurations for the packages that require them.
```
